docs: update README.md (#10830)
langchain-ai/langchainjs: README.md

LangChain is a framework for building LLM-powered applications. It helps you chain together interoperable components and third-party integrations to simplify AI application development — all while future-proofing decisions as the underlying technology evolves.

> [!TIP]

> > Just getting started? Check out **[Deep Agents](https://github.com/langchain-ai/deepagents)** — a higher-level package built on LangChain for agents that have built-in capabilites for common usage patterns such as planning, subagents, file system usage, and more.

Author: ```suggestion
> Just getting started? Check out **[Deep Agents](http://docs.langchain.com/oss/python/deepagents/)** — a higher-level package built on LangChain for agents that have built-in capabilites for common usage patterns such as planning, subagents, file system usage, and more.
```

**Documentation**: To learn more about LangChain, check out [the docs](https://docs.langchain.com/oss/javascript/langchain/overview).

> If you're looking for more advanced customization or agent orchestration, check out [LangGraph.js](https://docs.langchain.com/oss/javascript/langgraph/overview). our framework for building agents and controllable workflows. For an equivalent Python library, check out [LangChain](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchain).

Author: ```suggestion
If you're looking for more advanced customization or agent orchestration, check out [LangGraph.js](https://docs.langchain.com/oss/javascript/langgraph/overview) - our framework for building agents and controllable workflows.

For an equivalent Python library, check out [LangChain](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchain).
```

LangChain is a framework for building LLM-powered applications. It helps you chain together interoperable components and third-party integrations to simplify AI application development — all while future-proofing decisions as the underlying technology evolves.

> [!TIP]

> > Just getting started? Check out **[Deep Agents](http://docs.langchain.com/oss/python/deepagents/)** — a higher-level package built on LangChain for agents that have built-in capabilites for common usage patterns such as planning, subagents, file system usage, and more.

Author: ```suggestion
> Just getting started? Check out **[Deep Agents](http://docs.langchain.com/oss/javascript/deepagents/)** — a higher-level package built on LangChain for agents that have built-in capabilites for common usage patterns such as planning, subagents, file system usage, and more.
```

## 📦 LangChain's ecosystem

> - [Deep Agents (JS)](https://github.com/langchain-ai/deepagentsjs) - Build agents that can plan, use subagents, and leverage file systems for complex tasks. A higher-level package built on top of LangChain.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Deep Agents (JS)](https://docs.langchain.com/oss/javascript/deepagents/overview) - Build agents that can plan, use subagents, and leverage file systems for complex tasks. A higher-level package built on top of LangChain.
```
